failed: uplay|steam
merging uplay
merging steam
deprecate proxifier-portable_scoop
deprecate vscode-portable_scoop
deprecate vscodium-portable_scoop
deprecate thunderbird-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2013-portable_scoop
deprecate uget-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2012-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2019-portable_scoop
deprecate rainmeter-portable_scoop
deprecate ungoogled-chromium-portable_scoop
deprecate xmind8_scoop
deprecate qtox-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2022-portable_scoop
deprecate arduino-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2015-portable_scoop
deprecate vcredist2017-portable_scoop
deprecate googlechrome-portable_scoop
deprecate firefox-esr-portable_scoop
deprecate foobar2000-portable_scoop
deprecate palemoon-portable_scoop
deprecate strokesplus-portable_scoop
deprecate gpg4win-portable_scoop
deprecate firefox-portable_scoop
deprecate streamlink-portable_scoop
